.topic NoContext=0
 XQuest Setup ‹
  ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ
This program allows you to install XQuest to your hard drive, view
the documentation, set up your soundcard for use with XQuest and
change the controller preferences. The various menus are accessed
by the mouse cursor or by pressing Alt-Z, where Z is the first
letter of the menu.  For example, the "Install" menu is pulled
down by Alt-I. Pressing Alt-X or choosing Install|Exit Setup
will allow you to save your changes and exit the program.

Press ESC to put this help screen away.

.topic InstallXQuest=2
 Install XQuest ‹
  ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ
This option allows you to install XQuest onto your hard drive. Enter
the drive name and directory that you wish XQuest to be copied to.

.topic ReadDocs=3
 Read Documentation ‹
  ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ
This places a copy of the XQuest documentation on screen for you to 
peruse at your leisure. You can use the arrow keys to move about in the 
docs.

  Up         Move up one line
  Down       Move down one line
  Right      Move right one column
  Left       Move left one column
  PgUp       Move one page up
  PgDn       Move one page down
  Home       View right most column of the file
  End        View left most column of the file
  Ctrl-PgUp  View top of file
  Ctrl-PgDn  View bottom of file.

.topic ExitSetup=4
 Exit Setup ‹
  ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ
This exits the setup program, saving any changes made to 
XQuest's setup. Select [Cancel] to return to the program.

.topic NoneSound=5
 No SoundCard ‹
  ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ
This option informs XQuest that you are one of those sad, tight-fisted 
individuals who refuse to spend the minuscule amount of money required to 
experience XQuest in all of its polyphonic glory.

.topic SBSound=6
 Sound Blaster ‹
  ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ
This option allows you to set up your SB card for use with XQuest.
Select the appropriate values for the port, IRQ and DMA of your
SB-compatible soundcard (Pressing Tab will move the cursor between
the menus).

If you select Autodetect, then the setup program will try to
determine what the settings for your card should be.

WARNING: the autodetection procedure may cause your computer to lock
up if you do not have a SB-compatible soundcard or if you have
other extension cards such as a network card. It also will not detect
the proper DMA channel or high IRQ's. In fact, I don't really
recommend using it at all, but since I'd written the code I thought
I might as well use it...

.topic GUSSound=7
 Gravis UltraSound ‹
  ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ
This option allows you to set up your GUS card for use with XQuest.

.topic Player1=8
 Player 1 Controller ‹
  ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ
You can set up Player 1's preferred input device and button
orientation in this menu.

.topic Player2=9
 Player 2 Controller ‹
  ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ
You can set up Player 2's preferred input device and button
orientation in this menu.

.topic PlayerOptions=10
 Controller Options‹
  ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ
Choose your preferred input device and button
orientation in this menu.

.topic MyMessage=11
 Message Box ‹
  ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ
Read the message then click on the closure icon in the top
left hand corner of the message box or select 'OK' to close
the message box.



